docs: replace non-inclusive terms in ua-restriction plugin doc (#9053)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/ua-restriction.md

The `ua-restriction` Plugin allows you to restrict access to a Route or Service based on the `User-Agent` header with an `allowlist` and a `denylist`.

> A common scenario is to set crawler rules. `User-Agent` is the identity of the client when sending requests to the server, and the user can `allowlist` or `denylist` some crawler request headers in the `ua-restriction` Plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common scenario is to set crawler rules. `User-Agent` is the identity of the client when sending requests to the server, and the user can allow or deny some crawler request headers in the `ua-restriction` Plugin.
```

Reviewer: allowlist and denylist are APISIX terms. They are used to allow or deny request headers. So, this would be better.
